<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>Preface</title>
</head>

<body>
	<h1 class="heading">Preface</h1>

	<p class="noindent top">This article was written back in 2013 for an assignment for my first (and only) year of Computer Science at the University of Derby. The assignment asked that the article be 2-3 pages long and stringently follow the IEEE document standard.</p>
	<p>As someone who can't stand Times New Roman (particularly at point size 12), I was never quite satisfied with the layout that I submitted even when I was happy with the content I had written and the images I had found and provided.</p>
	<p>To counter this, for the 2<sup>nd</sup> edition I put this article where I believe it belongs; in a LyX document with attractive typesetting in a presentable serif typeface (Charis SIL) using knowledge I have gained afterward from book typesetting and eBook production.I also wanted to fix up some grammatical mistakes, re-check the reference links and do some general fixes. So with that in mind I do consider this updated version of the article to be the superior version. The original article I submitted was recently published and then released to the general public via the “Computers for Everyone” section of their “Open Journal Systems @ Department of Computing &amp; Mathematics @ Derby” website. There are also plenty of other articles by fellow students who I shared with on my course, I recommend you read them too! <a href="http://computing.derby.ac.uk/ojs/index.php/c4e/article/view/90/67">http://computing.derby.ac.uk/ojs/index.php/c4e/article/view/90/67</a></p>
	<p>For this 3<sup>rd</sup> edition, I have improved the book further, re-checked the sources and provided a free ePub to allow easier reading.</p>

</body>
</html>
